Call the police
I am an officer from Chengnan Station
At Dahong Hotel
suspected human remains were found
A Ze, secure the scene
and wait for backup
Got it
Stop
Stop, do not run
You sure can run
Get up
Cuff him
What are you doing? I am one of us
Do not move
I told you, I am one of us
Can you not hear me
One of us how
Who is one of us with you
Do you have your police ID
If you do not let go, how can I show you
Look closely
Lu Yi
Lu Yong's daughter
Young comrade
A misunderstanding, a misunderstanding
We are from City Bureau Criminal Unit Two
We also just got the transfer call
We are truly sorry
Not at all
Hey
What is your name
Old Duan
I will go check the scene
Hey Duan, do not go
No, no, no
I...
My surname is Duan
Your surname is Duan
As for her
her surname is Lin
Her name is Lin Shen
That is just her temper
She means no harm
Do not take it to heart
Well...
I will go take a look too
Thanks for your hard work, young comrade
Wait for me
Thanks for your hard work
We still need your help
Please cooperate with the investigation
Captain Duan
We will fully cooperate
Alright, alright
Then I will head back to the station first
and brief them
Okay
You go first
I will stay here
Okay
Based on my experience
this is indeed part of human tissue
The hotel has been open these past few days
The body tissue
may already be incomplete
Tell the truth
What exactly happened
No
I do not know
It has nothing to do with me
What tissue did you say was in the dish
Human flesh
Get him up
Take him away first
Yes
But
for exact information
we still need the forensic test results
How about this
You protect the scene היט
Lin Shen and I will head back first
Okay
You drive
I have not even gotten in yet
It is full
You have worked hard, Comrade Lin Shen
How about this
You sit in the back
I will drive
I am talking to you
Did you hear me
Let us go
Director Zheng
The Dahong Hotel case
the preliminary scene investigation
has been completed
Thank you, Director
Sit
The one originally handling this case
was an officer from the local station
Lu Yi
Yes
She knows the surroundings and local ties
quite well
She took the initiative
to help us with the follow-up investigation
What do you think
Would that be appropriate
I know this Lu Yi
Bold and careful
and full of drive
You and Lin Shen
take her under your wing
You must ensure her safety
and solve the case soon
Yes, sir
Hurry up and get ready
I know
My dear mother
Mom
That notebook of Dad's
can it really not be found
I am telling you this for the last time
Your dad's old case
Stop looking into it
And another thing
From now on when you work a case
do not just charge ahead blindly
You never let anyone worry less
Mom
After something happened to Dad
that notebook of his
the notebook with defense case leads
just suddenly disappeared
That is very suspicious
You are dreaming again
How many times have I told you
Just focus on treating your nightmare disorder
and stop worrying about other things, okay
I only asked, why are you so worked up
The new toothpaste
is grape flavored
Does it smell nice
You are acting crazy
Hurry up
Officer
I really do not know anything
It is true I handled that shipment
But when I received that shipment
It was all meat
There were no bones in it
Who could have guessed that was
human flesh
Dizzy
Do not show me that
That hit was pretty hard
You are really good at faking it
Go on, puke
If you puke on the floor
you clean it up yourself later
I was going to give you a chance to help
But now you are putting on an act
You really have made yourself
into someone important
Still dizzy, huh
How about this
This chance
we can talk about later
Then I will go first
You keep questioning him
Okay
No, no, no
I think I remembered something
This guy
kept insisting that
the wild game sold at the shop
was all sold to him by poachers
and that he knew nothing
All right then
Haozi
Go check with traffic police
that plate number he gave us
I actually think
he does not seem to be lying
Just look at how scared he is
Right?
From the scene conditions
the restaurant really is not the primary scene
Report
Everyone is here
Under orders from higher authorities
this case will be handled jointly by departments
Officer from Chengnan Station
Comrade Lu Yi
She is joining our team
to assist with the case
Everyone, welcome her
All right then
let us introduce ourselves properly
I am captain of City CID Team Two
Duan Zhiyuan
You can just call me Old Duan
Hello, Captain Duan
Goji berries in a thermos
Very health conscious, I see
He is
Cui Hao
Haozi
a top student from Southwest Law University
Hello, Haozi
Hello
Shi Lei
Shitou
combat champion
Do not mess with him for no reason
Hello, Shitou
Guo Jiale
Here
Little Scatterbrain
Just call me Guozi
Hello, Guozi
You two already know each other
Hello, Officer Lin
What would this make us
No acquaintance without a fight
Officer Lin looks heroic and sharp
with agile moves
and an imposing presence
Yesterday in that alley
if Officer Lin had not shown up in time
and stopped me
I might have accidentally
taken that suspect
and caught him myself
So
Officer Lin
Senior Lin
please look out for me from now on
and give me plenty of guidance
Old Duan
I am going to Sister Bai
to see if the autopsy report is out
Wait
I will go too
The victim was a heavyset male
There is no
genetic record of the victim in the database
We cannot confirm his identity
Because the body was badly damaged
and parts are missing
we cannot infer much exact information
But the cut surfaces are unusual
Look here
The cut looks smooth
but up close it is not even
There seem to be tears or bite marks
There also seems to be foreign matter inside
I do not use this brand
Just make do
What exactly the substance is
will depend on the test results
Some areas also show charring
It should not be
something stewing heat could cause
It was a chainsaw
What is your basis?
We cannot solve cases by guessing
I know the Xishan forest farm well
The loggers there all carry chainsaws
That is not unusual at all
The remaining impurities
are most likely metal bits and wood dust
The high heat from high speed
can sometimes make wood smoke
Makes sense
Now for task assignments
Based on what the traffic police provided
about the poacher vehicle route
Shitou
Lu Yi
come with me to investigate
Lin Shen, Haozi
you go canvass Xishan forest farm
Guozi
you stay back at the station
Yes
Captain
Lu Yi knows the forest farm well
Let her come with the two of us
If the poachers went into the mountains
and we need to look for them there
Lu Yi may be more useful to us
It is settled then
Move out
The princess is awake
Sorry about that
I just fell asleep
Xiao Lu
Where are we?
Captain Duan
We're about to enter the mountains
Drive a little farther ahead
and we'll have to get out
Otherwise the road ahead is too rough
Okay
There's a car over there
Looks like a poachers' vehicle
They usually carry homemade shotguns
Let's be careful
Xiao Lu, fall back
Shi Lei, provide backup
Yes, sir